MCLOUD-6896: Add possibility to pass ECE-Tools environment variables (#7907)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-config.md

{:.bs-callout-info}
The mode option for the `ece-docker build:compose` command does not affect the Magento mode. It determines the {{site.data.var.ece}} file system installation and read-only or read-write behavior.

## Set the environment variables

> You can launch a Docker with predefined environment variable by passing them in `--env-vars` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch a Cloud Docker environment with predefined environment variables by adding the `--env-vars` option to the `ece-docker build:compose` command.
```

For example,
```
bin/ece-docker build:compose --env-vars="{\"MAGENTO_CLOUD_VARIABLES\":{\"LOCK_PROVIDER\":\"db\",\"CRON_CONSUMERS_RUNNER\":{\"cron_run\":\"true\",\"max_messages\":5000,\"consumers\":[\"test\"]}}}"
```

> Use the next php script to generate value for `--env-vars` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must escape special characters when specifying the value for the `--env-vars` option. Use the following PHP script to generate the escaped value for the configuration. Update the values with the values required for your Cloud Docker environment configuration.
```

> ```php

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```php
```
